what is going on guys Sampson here
bringing you some modern warfare 3 map
tactics today we're going to be taking a
look at dome now dome is set in an
abandoned communication outpost far out
in the desert it is a small map in fact
it's the smallest map in mw3 at this
point in time so expect plenty of close
quarters combat SMGs and shotguns are
going to be extremely effective but
there are a few longer lines of sight
that can be found so if you prefer
assault or sniper rifles we're going to
get into those lines of sight in just a
few now this map can play very fast and
because of that I like to play even
faster if you're a rusher then this map
can be a non-stop adrenaline rush of
montage moments high octane gameplay but
if you're playing a game of domination
and you set up shop and lock down an
area you can get a tremendous amount of
kills and have a constant flow of air
support in the skies and that my friends
is just plain wicked so play this map
however you wish just be sure to have
fun doing it now before we move into the
lines of sight and jump spots take the
time to get to know the map I cannot
stress this enough map knowledge is
going to be fundamental and getting
better at this game that we call call of
duty so take the time and study up now
right off the bat throw your flashes
throw your stuns this map is uber small
you can pretty much throw these things
across the entire map so put that into
use now first spot here I like to jump
up on the ammo crates look over the
shipping container beautiful line of
sight towards that mid alley region as
well anybody coming into the ship and
cream crates here you're going to be
able to take them out now back satellite
dishes you can actually shoot through
the fence here beautiful line of sight
towards that back loading docks area
lots to cover you can also go over and
get a beautiful on the site towards that
bottom dome aerial so put that to use
next line of sight here I like to use
this forklift it's going to give you a
little bit of cover while taking out
people bottom dome you can also go prone
or get a good line of sight over towards
at mid alley there lots of cover people
are going to not notice you back here
you really hard to spot to put that to
good use now you're going to notice a
lot of red barrels all over this map
make sure you use these things throw
your flashes throw you
stuns especially in the bottom dome
region here I like to throw my flashes
stuns in some text through the windows
this way you're going to avoid any
gunfire and hopefully take out the
people camping out in there so put that
to good use now mid satellite dishes
here this is going to be a popular
camping spot lots of campers like the
Hangout back here you can shoot through
the fence beautiful lines of sight lots
of cover the one thing I do want to
bring to your attention though is you
shoot that barrel there if you think
anybody is camping in this mid alleyway
region towards this Humvee shoot that
barrel it's gonna blow up blow up the
Humvee and kill anybody camping out this
middle alley so put that to good use
very good very smart tactic their next
line of sight towards the loading docks
here you can actually look through this
trailer beautiful line of sight you can
also move over and look through the
wooden pallets here lots of good cover
good lines of sight towards that middle
alley region so use that now moving into
the office you can actually jump up on
the desk here it's going to give you a
clear line of sight towards the bottom
bunk or region so that is very good this
spot here you can actually kick it up a
notch climb up on this little wooden
post here it's going to give you a
better line of sight towards that bottom
bunk or region as well as that collapsed
entrance to bottom bunker as well so but
that's good use now the front Humvees
here learn to use these things lots of
cover going to keep you safe as long as
they're not exploded not exploded or if
they're already exploded beautiful lines
of sight so put these to get use very
very smart play now this smart this bot
here is one of my favorites I like to
get behind these crates beautiful line
of sight towards the office there so why
you can go prone kind of catch people
coming out of this bottom bunk or region
now double hung views here you can
actually run jump up onto the front
bumper here a beautiful line of sight on
that mid alley as well as towards the
front office region the beautiful thing
about this you can actually jump up and
look over this blue fence beautiful line
of sight into bottom dome now over here
you're going to see a lot of people
hiding out behind these crates good
line-of-sight towards bottom down there
as well and kind of you know get some
covers day secrets stay safe get some
work done you can also do it across the
way here a beautiful line of sight
towards that bottom bunker you know lots
of cover not a lot of people are going
to be able to see if you're going prone
to put that to good use I also like to
use the forklift here it's going to
kind of kick it up a notch keep people
off guard you can actually jump up on
the front of it as well you know not too
much cover but not a lot of people are
gonna look there either so you know
that's around House of fun overall guys
I wasn't a big fan of this map when I
first started playing I kind of came in
expecting new town from black ops and
that's not exactly what I got but the
more and more I played it i found out
that dome is actually pretty dang sweet
if you like competitive gameplay like I
do this map could be highly competitive
you get into a match with a good set of
players it is going to be one hell of a
fight especially with domination I love
playing domination on this map it's so
close quarters travel time is minimal
you can literally run across this map in
a couple seconds so that is pretty sweet
not only that I like to rush so this
match is kind of caters to rushers but
you can also have some fun as you saw
there and run around with Brad shields
you know just having a good time so yeah
I'd really love to know what you guys
thought about this map what do you guys
think about all the maps to call the
duty in general make sure you give me
some feedback in the comments section
below let me know what you think if you
did enjoy the video make sure you do
click the like button it's going to help
out the channel a lot and if you haven't
already be sure to subscribe to FBS
general as this is the place to be for
everything FPS I will talk to you guys
again soon later guys